Git Clone:git clone is primarily used to point to an existing repo and
 make a clone or copy of that repo at in a new directory, at another
 location. The original repository can be located on the local 
 filesystem or on remote machine accessible supported protocols.
 The git clone command copies an existing Git repository. This is sort
 of like SVN checkout, except the “working copy” is a full-fledged Git
 sitory—it has its own history, manages its own files, and is a 
 completely isolated environment from the original repository.

Git Push: git push is most commonly used to publish an upload local 
 changes to a central repository. After a local repository has been 
 modified a push is executed to share the modifications with remote team 
 members.

Git Pull:git fetch and git pull can be thought of as 'download' commands.
 Once changesets have been moved via a download or upload a git merge may
 be performed at the destination to integrate the changes.

Merge Conflict:Merge conflicts occur when competing changes are made to 
 the same line of a file, or when one person edits a file and another 
 person deletes the same file.To resolve a merge conflict caused by 
 competing line changes, you must choose which changes to incorporate 
 from the different branches in a new commit.
 For example, if you and another person both edited the file 
 styleguide.md on the same lines in different branches of the same Git 
 repository, you'll get a merge conflict error when you try to merge 
 these branches. You must resolve this merge conflict with a new commit 
 before you can merge these branches.

Git branches:Branching is a feature available in most modern version 
 control systems. Branching in other VCS's can be an expensive operation 
 in both time and disk space. In Git, branches are a part of your everyday
 lopment process. Git branches are effectively a pointer to a snapshot of 
 changes. When you want to add a new feature or fix a bug—no matter how 
 big or how small—you spawn a new branch to encapsulate your changes. 
 This makes it harder for unstable code to get merged into the main code 
 base, and it gives you the chance to clean up your future's history 
 before merging it into the main branch.

Git commit:The git commit command will save all staged changes, along 
 with a brief description from the user, in a “commit” to the local 
 repository.Commits are at the heart of Git usage. You can think of a 
 commit as a snapshot of your project, where a new version of that project
 eated in the current repository. Two important features of commits are:
 you can recall the commited changes at a later date, or revert the 
 project to that version.
 if multiple commits edit different parts of the project, they will not
 overwrite each other even if the authors of the commit were unaware of 
 each other. This is one of the benefits of using Git over a tool like 
 Dropbox or Google Drive.
